Perplexity move (#73)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/appendix/perplexity.tex

\subsection{Perplexity}\label{app:perplexity}

> One of the evaluation metric, that is commonly used to evaluate topic models, is perplexity.

Author: ```suggestion
One evaluation metric, that is commonly used to evaluate topic models, is perplexity.

```

\subsection{Perplexity}\label{app:perplexity}
One evaluation metric, that is commonly used to evaluate topic models, is perplexity.

Perplexity is used as a metric, to show how well a model can predict new test samples $w_d$.
As described in \autoref{sec:related_work}, \citet{tea_leaves} states that perplexity does not infer semantically meaningful topics.
Because of this, we have chosen not to use perplexity in our experiments.

> But because perplexity is not specific to topic models, and by itself does not give an indication of how coherent topics are, it is mainly used as a secondary evaluation~\cite{tea_leaves}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though perplexity is not specific to topic models and by itself does not give an indication of how coherent topics are, we show the perplexity results for our models in \autoref{tab:_extra_metric_results}.
```
